+++
date = "2015-10-17T16:34:59+02:00"
title = "Bands"

[menu.main]
parent = "artists"
weight = 30
+++

## <a name="professor"></a>Professor Cunningham & his Old School (USA)

This popular New York based band performs the most swinging and grooving
repetoire deeply steeped in the New Orleans tradition; from early jazz to
early R&B in the aesthetic of Sidney Bechet, Fats Waller, Professor Longhair
and even Fats Domino!

Formed 2 years ago by in-demand reedman and vocalist Adrian Cunningham -
Australian native based in NYC, - the ensemble consists of some of the most
energetic and accomplished musicians on the New York scene. It has been a
regular hit in the NYC underground party and swing dance scene since it's
formation in 2012; performing at some of the city's finest speakeasy shows
(Shanghai Mermaid, Gemini and Scorpio, NY Hot Jazz Festival) and regularly
performing to packed houses at some of the city's best swing venues (Cutting
Room, Swing 46, The Back Room).

## <a name="hot_sugar"></a>The Hot Sugar Band (France)

The Hot Sugar Band is a real swingin’ time machine. One that takes you right
back to the 1930′s ballrooms of Harlem, straight in to the golden age of Jazz.
Don’t let their young faces fool you, despite their young age they’ve captured
the real spirit of jazz and their motto is to swing it and to make everybody
around swing with them. With genial arrangements they bring classics with Fats
Waller, Count Basie, Fletcher Wallen and Django Reinhardt back to life for the
audience to enjoy. The word fantastic in an understatement for this great
swing band!

## <a name="revivalists"></a>The Revivalists

Sweeping audiences off their feet wherever they go, the Revivalists are
quickly gaining a reputation as one of the hottest rootsjazz-groups around
today. Their unique style and groove, firmly based in vintage blues, jazz and
gospel from the deep south of the United States and the city of New Orleans,
will lift you from your seat and will make you start moving!

The hornsection is made up of two of Europe's finest soloists, who both paid
their dues with some of the top names in the business, while the rhythm
section has become known as one of the tightest around. Add to this their
youthful energy and fire and…well, just listen!

In only three years time they have played pretty much every major traditional
jazz festival or club in Europe, like the Riverboat Jazzfestival in Silkeborg,
Denmark; Sildajazz in Haugesund, Norway and Davos Sounds Good In Switzerland.
Also, they have built up a name as a dance band; playing for swing dancers at
events like Smokey Feet in Amsterdam and Radio Modern in Brussel.

### More to be announced!
