+++
date = "2015-10-11T14:54:06+02:00"
draft = true
title = "Concept Teachers"

[menu.main]
parent = "artists"
weight = 20
+++

## David & Catia

These two Portuguese started dancing and teaching together in 2011, and have
since become international teachers, mainly due to their aptitude to understand
the fundamentals of good movement (dancing) and explaining it in an graspable
and applicable way.

David is an addicted social dancer. You’ll rarely see him not dancing while
there is groovy swing music playing. He’s also a geek, that cannot avoid
himself of deconstructing the nuclear bio-mechanics and rhythmic structure of
the dance and music. And he loves to share this knowledge/vision almost as much
as he loves hugs.

Cátia is a person’s person. She’s always caring for everybody, and it shows
when it comes to teaching where she uses an intuitive and organic approach to
bring out to the best in each student. You’ll rarely see her not smiling.

## Marcus & Marianne

Marianne is a dancer and a psychologist by trade. Marcus is a mathematician.
You do the math.

Marianne and Marcus have been part of the Gothenburg swing community (West
Coast Jitterbugs) for many years. They started teaching lindy hop and jazz
together as a couple in 2010. They are also two of the founding members of the
show group Lindy Deluxe that placed number one in the ESDC Swing Team Showcase
2015.

When it comes to teaching they like the challenge of balancing core technique
with playfulness in the dance.

## Martin and Minou

Martin and Minou have been dancing together since meeting at Herräng Dance Camp
in 2012. They've danced their way through events and workshops in Europe and
the US with their trademark playful style and contagious, genuine love of Lindy
Hop.

Minou Ericson is from Eskilstuna outside Stockholm and simply loves to dance.
While taking street dance classes she was introduced to Lindy Hop and it was
love at first sight. She loves social dancing, competing, choreographing and
performing in both Lindy Hop and authentic jazz, using isolations and other
street dance elements as part of her unique style.

Ever since discovering Lindy Hop at the Copenhagen Jazz Festival, Martin’s been
pushing his dance by competing, teaching, performing and his favourite: social
dancing. His musical intuition comes from an odd mix of his dad’s love of big
band jazz, playing the drums as a teenager and a brief spell as a house DJ in
London.
